good morning and welcome back to another
day in my life
[Music]
i have an important exam this afternoon
it determines about a quarter
of my overall medical school results if
you don't hear my voice quivering
it's because all emotion has been
stripped out of it a few lockdowns ago
i get out of bed really late but it's
still a few hours until my 3pm exam
and i'm really not a fan of cramming so
i never actually study in the last few
days around exam time
i rather call my dad and have a
heartwarming catch up with him
i decide to go on a walk which in this
rain is only a pleasure because of the
podcast i'm listening
to it's one of my favorites i come back
to it again and again
it's by tim paris and hugh jackman i
make notes on it as always
and try to distract myself from lockdown
london making me feel as though there's
been an apocalypse
at this point i'm half tempted to google
what the equivalent of a rain dance is
for medical exams after a year of cancer
placement
but instead i decide to go home defrost
myself and make some lunch
[Music]
i decided to join a co-working session
after skipping my morning one
looking at my stethoscope next to me and
now done trying to subconsciously trick
myself into thinking i'm a professional
i actually open the exam webpage and
make myself comfortable for the real
thing
online exams are interesting you don't
get a lot of shuffling
and the electric feel of the anxiety of
500 students around you
but you also have to resist the
temptation to get into bed and call it a
day
which just gets stronger and stronger
after the first five minutes
realizing every mistake i make will
probably cost me another half an hour
commute from london for my foundation
placement
i finished my exam wondering how close
to aberdeen i've ended up
in normal circumstances now would be the
time my friends and i would meet up
and order way too much food to try to
make up for this
i end up spending the next half an hour
chatting on whatsapp and comparing the
answers for what we remember with my
friend
i feel bad for my often questionable
management of my imaginary patients but
there is
no time to feel apologetic it's 6 pm and
i don't actually have the afternoon off
i try to save my post exam high for
tomorrow while i hop on a call with
ollie
this is going to be a very long one so i
take my laptop and i'll lay to the
window
so i can look up the view every now and
then this is one of our weekly meetings
where we try to explain why we haven't
done what we were supposed to do the
previous week
and also plan out our future projects
and tasks
as always ali doesn't disappoint in
providing the entertainment
what did i do i dropped the camera
which caused a glass to topple and smash
okay so it was the glass not the camera
no there is a glass that has smashed all
over the
oh well what can you do gosh dude i
missed you shouting doggy
call anytime as always i end these calls
excited to get started
with work so i spend the rest of the
night in front of my computer
working on a project powered by
coca-cola until i fall asleep
if you made it so far thank you so much
for spending this time with me
i do hope you have a wonderful rest of
your day yourself be kind to yourself
and others and don't believe everything
you think bye